README.md, before:

# Agility Content Management JS SDK
This is the official JavaScript library for inserting, updating, managing and importing content, pages and media in your [Agility CMS](https://agilitycms.com) instance.

Don't have an Agility CMS instance? Sign up for [Free (forever)](https://account.agilitycms.com/sign-up?product=agility-free) today!

## Features
- Programmatically be able to manage content via JavaScript API client

## Getting Started
In order to use Agilitiy Content Management JS SDK you'll need to first clone the github repo.

### Dependencies
- Have node.js installed https://nodejs.org/en/download/
- Have NPM installed https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm 

### Prerequisites
- You must have access to an Agility instance to retrieve the *guid* and generate your *apiKey*. Or, you must have these values provided to you by reaching out to support@agilitycms.com
- Agility Content Management SDKis intended to be used with node.js

### Installation
```
> git clone https://github.com/agility/agility-content-management-js-sdk.git
> cd agility-content-management-js-sdk
# Restore npm packagees
> npm install
# Build the file to generate dist
> npm run build

```

## Documentation
TBD

## Tutorials
TBD

## Contributing
If you would like to contribute to this SDK, you can fork the repository and submit a pull request. We'd love to include your updates.

### Running the Tests
An essential part of contributing to this SDK is adding and running unit tests to ensure the stability of the project.
```
> npm run test
```

Commit message:

code examples for content
code examples for content

README.md, after:

# Agility Content Management JS SDK
This is the official JavaScript library for inserting, updating, managing and importing content, pages and media in your [Agility CMS](https://agilitycms.com) instance.

Don't have an Agility CMS instance? Sign up for [Free (forever)](https://account.agilitycms.com/sign-up?product=agility-free) today!

## Features
- Programmatically be able to manage content via JavaScript API client

## Getting Started
In order to use Agilitiy Content Management JS SDK you'll need to first clone the github repo.

### Dependencies
- Have node.js installed https://nodejs.org/en/download/
- Have NPM installed https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm 

### Prerequisites
- You must have access to an Agility instance to retrieve the *guid* and generate your *apiKey*. Or, you must have these values provided to you by reaching out to support@agilitycms.com
- Agility Content Management SDKis intended to be used with node.js

### Installation
```
> git clone https://github.com/agility/agility-content-management-js-sdk.git
> cd agility-content-management-js-sdk
# Restore npm packagees
> npm install
# Build the file to generate dist
> npm run build

```

## Documentation
Full documentation for this SDK can be found in our <i>Agility Content Management JS SDK Reference Doc TBD</i>.

For docs & help around Agility CMS, please see [Agility CMS Documentation](https://help.agilitycms.com/hc/en-us)

## Tutorials
TBD

## Contributing
If you would like to contribute to this SDK, you can fork the repository and submit a pull request. We'd love to include your updates.

### Running the Tests
An essential part of contributing to this SDK is adding and running unit tests to ensure the stability of the project.
```
> npm run test
```
